README.md, before:

# Node DB 2 Module Challenge

In this challenge, you will write an API that can be used to manage _Cars_ stored in a Relational Database.

## Project Set Up

Follow these steps for starting your project.

-   [x] Fork this repository into your account and **clone your version**.
-   [x] Add your _Team Lead_ as collaborator on your repository.
-   [x] Create a new branch: `git checkout -b stName-lastName>`.
-   [x] Implement the project on your newly created `<firstName-lastName>` branch, committing changes regularly.
-   [x] Push commits: `git push origin <firstName-lastName>`.

Follow these steps for completing your project.

-   [x] Submit a pull-request to merge `<firstName-lastName>` into `master` (student's repository). **Please don't merge your own pull request**
-   [x] Add your _Team Lead_ as a reviewer on the pull-request
-   [x] Your _Team Lead_ will count the project as complete by merging the branch back into `master`.

## Minimum Viable Product

-   [ ] Using `knex migrations`, design and write a schema for the `cars` table using the specifications below.
-   [x] Write endpoints to support `CREATE` and `READ` operations on the `cars` resource.
-   [ ] Use a rest client like _Insomnia_ or _Postman_ to test your API.

## Specifications

The client for this API is a car dealer who has provided the following specs:

-   The critical information for each car is the VIN, make, model, and mileage.
-   They also track transmission type and status of the title (clean, salvage, etc.), but this information is not always immediately known.

## Stretch Problems

-   [ ] Add seed data to the database using `knex seeds`
-   [x] Add `UPDATE` and `DELETE` operations to your API.
-   [ ] Write a schema file for a `sales` table. This table should track information on the sale of each car. You may wish to research `foreign keys` in order to link each sale to the entry in `cars` which sold.

Commit message:

check boxes: config knex connections

README.md, after:

# Node DB 2 Module Challenge

In this challenge, you will write an API that can be used to manage _Cars_ stored in a Relational Database.

## Project Set Up

Follow these steps for starting your project.

-   [x] Fork this repository into your account and **clone your version**.
-   [x] Add your _Team Lead_ as collaborator on your repository.
-   [x] Create a new branch: `git checkout -b stName-lastName>`.
-   [x] Implement the project on your newly created `<firstName-lastName>` branch, committing changes regularly.
-   [x] Push commits: `git push origin <firstName-lastName>`.

Follow these steps for completing your project.

-   [x] Submit a pull-request to merge `<firstName-lastName>` into `master` (student's repository). **Please don't merge your own pull request**
-   [x] Add your _Team Lead_ as a reviewer on the pull-request
-   [x] Your _Team Lead_ will count the project as complete by merging the branch back into `master`.

## Minimum Viable Product

-   [ ] Using `knex migrations`, design and write a schema for the `cars` table using the specifications below.
-   [x] Configure `knex` to connect to a `/data/car-dealer.db3` database using the `sqlite3` npm module.
-   [x] Write endpoints to support `CREATE` and `READ` operations on the `cars` resource.
-   [ ] Use a rest client like _Insomnia_ or _Postman_ to test your API.

## Specifications

The client for this API is a car dealer who has provided the following specs:

-   The critical information for each car is the VIN, make, model, and mileage.
-   They also track transmission type and status of the title (clean, salvage, etc.), but this information is not always immediately known.

## Stretch Problems

-   [ ] Add seed data to the database using `knex seeds`
-   [x] Add `UPDATE` and `DELETE` operations to your API.
-   [ ] Write a schema file for a `sales` table. This table should track information on the sale of each car. You may wish to research `foreign keys` in order to link each sale to the entry in `cars` which sold.
